{
  "story": "I gained admission into the University of Ibadan in 2019 and since then, I have been on a journey of self-discovery and growth. I started writing small scripts and gradually got better at coding. As I got more acclimated to the university life, I also became more self-sufficient. I was honored to participate in a coding challenge where I was able to put my skills to the test and learn from other talented individuals. In addition to improving my existing scripting skills, I also learned new programming languages like Go and became proficient in React. Overall, my time at the University of Ibadan has been a rewarding experience that has allowed me to grow both personally and professionally.",
  "experience": "Gaining admission into the University of Ibadan was just the beginning of a journey full of opportunities for growth and self-discovery. Throughout my time here, I have been able to expand my knowledge and skills in the field of coding. Whether it was through participating in coding challenges or learning new programming languages, I have been able to continually push myself and improve. I am grateful for the experiences and lessons that I have gained during my time at the university.",
  "lecturers": {
    "Dr. Ayinla": "Dr. Ayinla is a fantastic lecturer who taught the courses of Csc 103 ,Csc 235 and Csc 293 . He was always willing to go the extra mile to ensure that his students understood the material and is a great source of inspiration and guidance. He haa a passion for his subject matter that was contagious, and it was and is a privilege to learn from someone with such vast knowledge and experience.",
    "Dr. Onasanya": "Dr. Onasanya was an exceptional lecturer who taught abstract mathematics. He was well-known for his virtues and was a positive influence on all of his students. He had a unique teaching style that made even the most challenging concepts easy to understand, and he always encouraged his students to ask questions and think critically. He was a true gem and I am grateful to have had the opportunity to learn from him."
  }
}
